# pandas-challenge

# Heroes Of Pymoli
This folder contains the Heroes Of Pymoli challenge. Under the HeroesOfPymoli folder, you can find the jupyter notebook file, HeroesOfPymoli.ipynb. This file reads data from the purchase_data.csv file in the "Resources" folder and analyzes the data for optional purchased items in the game, Heroes Of Pymoli.

# Observable Trends
1. The male gender makes up the majority of purchases at 84.03%. Second is the female gender at 14.06% and gender marked as "Other / Non-Disclosed" makes up a little less than 2%. Are gamers majority male? Is this game marketed more towards males? More data would be needed to determine why males make up the majority.
2. While males make up the vast majority of purchases, they also spend less both by item and total purchase. Users with gender marked as either female or other/ non-disclosed spend almost 10% more per item and per total purchase than those marked males. More options geared towards the female gender would raise revenue.
3. There have been 780 purchases made by 576 unique purchasers. The majority of players are not making multiple purchases. Consumers tend to purchase less when presented with an overwhelming number of options, as 183 items seems to be. Decreasing the number of options available for purchase may increase the amount of unique players making purchases as well as increase the number of repeat buyers.
4. People in the age range 20-24 make up almost 45% of all purchases, with the age group 15-29 comprising almost 77% of all purchases. A lot of questions come from this observation. Do people lose interest in video games around the age of 30? Are gamers in their 20's purchasing the optional experience-enhancing items more often due to the enhancement each item gives to the game? Would people in their 30's rather stay with the base game?
5. A category based on the task each item performs would be very helpful. Does the item make the game more fun to play, does it make it easier? Does it add levels to the game? This may tell us more about the frequency with which each item is purchased. This would also help determine which items to add for purchase in the future to facilitate more purchases by the end user.
6. Information regarding the total number of users playing the game not making purchases would be helpful. This would help build an overall strategy for getting more users to purchase extras.